How to use a Elevator:
	1. first you would see a set of buttons that point up and down, you would need to choose whether you want to go up or down.
	2. if you want to go up, you would click the arrow pointing up or if you want to go down, you would click the arrow pointing down. 
	3. if there are people leaving the elevator, you would need to let them go out first before entering the elevator yourself.
	4. also before entering the elevator, you would want to check if the arrow located above the entrance if pointing towards your direction or not. 
	5. always make sure there is space inside the elevator before entering and always leave space for other people to enter. 
	6. once you enter the elevator, you would see a set of buttons on either the left or right side inside the elevator.
	7. depending on the number of floors in the building you are in, it would go from the main floor up to whatever the max floor number is. The numbers go from left to right so it would 1,2,3,4,5 then make a new line and so on.
	8. while inside the elevator, make sure not to disturb the surrounding area with any type of excess noise.
	9. as people enter and leave each floor, make sure you pay attention to what floor you have reached so that you do not miss the floor you are suppose to enter. 
	10. make sure to be polite if someone is in you way upon leaving the elevator and make sure it fully opens on your floor. 
	11. if the elevator is crowded and it takes time to leave, make sure someone can hold the door so you would get to leave instead of missing the floor. 
	12. always leave fast because the elevator would not wait before closing. it doesnt know if you left or not!


--------------------------------------------------------------------------

How to make boiled eggs:

1. from the kitchen, get a pot (doesnt need to be big).
2. fill the pot with enough water which would allow the eggs to sink inside it.
3. place the pot on the stove with the gas on. 
4. take the eggs out of the fridge and put the amount that you want to be boiled inside the pot. 
5. once that is done, you would need to heat the pot up until the water starts to boil. 
6. you can either leave the eggs in the boiling water on the stove for 10 min or u can take it off the stove and cover it and leave the eggs in there for about 10 minutes. 
7. once the 10 minutes pass, you would need to drain the water.
8. the eggs would then need to have their outter shell take out by hitting it lightly on the side of a table where a crack would appear.
9. from the start of the crack, peal the shells out till only the soft layer is there. 
10. obtain a clean plate and place all the eggs onto the plate.
11. you can but the eggs in half and you have finished making your very own boiled eggs. it can be topped with pepper for a little spiciness.  
